Update prepare_environment.md (#65)
microsoft/azurelinux-tutorials: docs/getting_started/prepare_environment.md

# Tutorial: Prepare your Environment

> Before starting this tutorial, you will need to setup your development machine.  These instructions were tested on an x86_64 based machine using Ubuntu 22.04 and Azure Linux 2.0.

Reviewer: We use 2.0 here but in `Clone Azure Linux and Build the Toolkit` give `3.0-stable` as an example of a stable tag to use. I think it would be good to consistently use one version of AZL. Would switching to 3.0 in this line be wrong?

Author: I've not actually built using a 3.0 image in quite a while, and didn't want to over promise on issues. afaik it works fine but... 2.0 is definitely the most stable option right now.

Author: ```suggestion
Before starting this tutorial, you will need to setup your development machine.  These instructions were tested on an x86_64 based machine running Ubuntu 22.04 and a machine running Azure Linux 2.0.
```

- [Install Tools](#install-tools)
- [Clone AzureLinux](#clone-azure-linux-and-build-the-toolkit)
- [Clone AzureLinux-Tutorials](#clone-azure-linux-tutorials-repo-and-extract-the-toolkit)

## Install Tools

Get the prerequisites for building the tools. Instructions are provided for both Ubuntu and Azure Linux at [prerequisites needed for building Azure Linux](https://github.com/microsoft/azurelinux/blob/-/toolkit/docs/building/prerequisites.md).

## Clone Azure Linux and Build the Toolkit

To build the `Azurelinux-Tutorials` repository you will need the same toolkit and makefile from the `Azurelinux` repository.  So, first clone `Azurelinux`, and then checkout the stable release of interest (e.g. 3.0-stable), then build the toolkit.

### Example for Azurelinux 3.0 Toolkit

```bash

> git clone https://github.com/microsoft/azurelinux.git
> pushd azurelinux/toolkit
> git checkout 3.0-stable
> sudo make -j20 package-toolkit REBUILD_TOOLS=y
> popd

Reviewer: Minor suggestion: maybe we can make the example a bit shorter to focus on the "meat" of it better.
```suggestion
git clone -b 3.0-stable https://github.com/microsoft/azurelinux.git
sudo make -C azurelinux/toolkit -j20 package-toolkit REBUILD_TOOLS=y
```

# Tutorial: Prepare your Environment

> Before starting this tutorial, you will need to setup your development machine.  These instructions were tested on an x86_64 based machine running Ubuntu 22.04 and a machine running Azure Linux 2.0.

Reviewer 2: AZL 2.0?

Author: I've not personally checked them on azl3. I guess I could just leave it as azure linux without a specific version.
